c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\obj\Debug\RssFeedApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\RssFeedApp.dll.config
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\RssFeedApp.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\RssFeedApp.pdb
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\obj\Debug\RssFeedApp.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\obj\Debug\RssFeedApp.pdb
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\vitaliy.zhynkin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\RssFeedApp.dll.config
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\RssFeedApp.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\RssFeedApp.pdb
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Owin.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\obj\Debug\RssFeedApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\obj\Debug\RssFeedApp.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\obj\Debug\RssFeedApp.pdb
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\StructureMap.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\StructureMap.Net4.dll
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\StructureMap.pdb
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\StructureMap.xml
E:\RssFeedApp\RssFeedApp\bin\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
